1. Capture surface- I want the bot to interact with me in my whatsapp in my chat with myself - but the bot does couple of things - first it scrapes through the contexts of codex, claude code , all my projects running on my mac , github(read only access to all repos), gmail, google drive, my existing whatsapp- conversations entirely and create this intital context in the way mentioned - readable and accessible to all agents if i want to use it directly when I'm using a project 
2. Inputs - besides scraping daily or in regular intervals , in me to myself chat I can drop files images, pdfs, excel fiels, text fiels or text or audio - the bot should be able to ingest and classify and store in the db, also i send daily planner image whcih is all the tasks I plan to do on the day for tracking - store it no actions needed here 
3. Storage preference - I want to use a postgres instance i have with a doplet server i own so I want my input bot to be active 24/7 so I'll deploy on the sercer and use the postgres db instance - the only thing is my barbershop website is deployed ther and using the db instance too so we need to have the databases handled properly so it doesn't disturb the current ecosystem
4. My buckets - Tasks, Projects, People, Ideas, Notes, Resources, Reminders, Daily Planner, Weekly Planner
5. “Needs review” behavior: For my chat input ask any questions there but for regual interval scrapers - may be ask a daily digest questionairre - expect simple natural language responses or yes or no questions
6. Retreival UX - CHat is the only place where I will drop my thoughts, daily planners, and personal notes about projects, ideas etc - but this is where I will interact with my brain and ask questions we need solidy a plan for this, also my codex and claude code should be able to use this brain to pull context into them so they are aware of me entirely before starting the session even so I need a way for that just the info dump created to share to agents or a way into our brain either way is fine 
7.Privacy line : Is not access I want to share because I want to share everything about me creating an almost digital brain but the storage and retrieval and access should be protected so no leaks happen anywhere - not in git not in pubic links no where , every thing sits in our db protected or env vairable on the prod server
8. Budget guardrails: I have the open ai , clauide anthropic api keys, let me knwo what else you need but I wanna obeserve the product first 
9. Multi-agent ambition: I wanna create a product that sits on the precipice of AI can do so whatever is best for the implementation to get the maximum productivity of the brain
10. Success metric - every idea is captured in our database with classification and notes if added or needed, a daily digest is generated with a couple of things 1. Possible list of 10 tasks I could pick up that day 2. What is progress of each individual project in my git hub, 3. 5 topics to write about , 4. 5 videos to watch on youtube -this would need access to my youtube as well include that in the above fields as well


Not final - still modifications made